[EDU-6046] Create Azion Lib docs in English (#1479)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-lib/usage/client.mdx

---
title: Azion `Client` interface
description: >-
  Interact with Azion products and services through Azion Libraries' Client interface.

> permalink: /documentation/products/azion-lib/overview/

Author: ```suggestion
permalink: /documentation/products/azion-lib/client/
```

meta_tags: >-
  Azion Lib, edge computing, edge applications, Azion products
namespace: documentation_azion_lib_client
---

import LinkButton from 'azion-webkit/linkbutton'

> The Azion **Client** provides a unified interface to interact with all products and services. You can use the `client` to access and manage all functionalities across Storage, SQL, Purge, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azion **Client** library provides a unified interface to interact with all products and services. You can use the `client` to access and manage all products and functionalities across Storage, SQL, Purge, and more. 
```

Reviewer: Check examples

> When instantiating a client, you can define configurations such as `token` and `debug` explicitly as parameters. You can then interact with Azion functionalities directly through the client, in a simplified and centralized way.

Reviewer: Maybe, you can add a button: Go to Azion Libraries overview and link the docs

Reviewer: Consider this for the rest of the files

> 
> ## Using Azion Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

## Using Azion Client
```

To use the **Client** interface, you must import the `createClient` function from **Azion Lib**. You can then pass your `token` as a parameter and use the instance of `client` to access modules and their functionalities.

The example below shows an implementation in **JavaScript**:

```js
import { createClient } from 'azion';

// Instantiate the client
const client = createClient({ token: 'your-api-token', debug: true });

// Access the SQL module and create a Database
const { data: newDatabase, error } = await client.sql.createDatabase('my-new-database');
if (data) {
  console.log(`Database created with ID: ${newDatabase.id}`);
} else {
  console.error('Failed to create database', error);
}
```

> If you are using TypeScript, you can import the appropriate types as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using TypeScript, import the appropriate types as in the example below:
```

```ts
import { createClient } from 'azion';
import type { AzionClient } from 'azion/client';
import type { AzionDatabaseResponse } from 'azion/sql';
// Instantiate the client
const client = createClient({ token: 'your-api-token', debug: true });

// Access the SQL module and create a Database
const { data: newDatabase, error }: AzionDatabaseResponse<AzionDatabase> = await client.sql.createDatabase('my-new-database');
if (data) {
  console.log(`Database created with ID: ${newDatabase.id}`);
} else {
  console.error('Failed to create database', error);
}
```

> 
> ## Azion Client vs independent package Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

## Azion Client vs independent package Functions
```
